I think it's always important
when you come so close
to
We played a fantastic
two-legs half-final against Norwich.
Pragmatical, smart first game, away,
clean sheet, and then one
of our best performances during
the whole season, the second leg at home.
Unbelievable atmosphere at Elland
Road and even in the final.
So we won more or less
each and every statistic.
The only statistic that mattered
sadly, and we didn't win, was the scoreline.
I wouldn't say we were the
worst side in this final,
Yes, Hossam was definitely
more effective and perhaps even
a bit more experienced in using the chances.
If you come so close, then
you want to promote and you
have to take this also a bit as fuel
that the fire is burning and
use this as even more motivation
to keep going then in the next time of asking.
Because it makes no sense
right now to dwell on it and
to think, oh, we were so close
and have done so well.
would have
consistent and more concentrated
and more focused and even
harder and this is what we're trying to do.
So obviously the final but
in general the whole season we'll
use it in order to focus our everyday work
even a bit more and
then hopefully also with the
outcome that you all wish for.
And you're so experienced
in championship terms, obviously,
as a manager, but even so,
when you were reflecting at the
end of last season, did you
feel that you still learnt a
lot from the first four months here?
Yes, to be honest, if you
think you don't have to
learn anymore, then please retire
as a manager, because then
you're not good enough anymore.
So I'm there each and every day with
Hundreds of decisions, which exercise
and training, which line-up, what do we do,
how the next speech, the
next preparation, whatever.
And believe me, each and
every day there was mistakes in my decisions.
And I always reflect this and
try to be better the next
day and try to improve and
to learn because football is also fluent.
I spoke a lot about you
always want to be ahead of the wave.
For that you also have to be aware
what can you do different,
how can you surprise the opponent,
how can you be even better
in your positioning, whatever.
So my football looks also
right now different to my
football was perhaps six, seven,
eight years ago.
So hopefully I keep improving,
I keep learning, I keep
being self-critical and this is
more or less my nature.
So once I got the feeling,
so right now, no, no, I don't do this anymore.
Hopefully this day when I retire.
Hi Daniel, nice to see you.
You were saying after what
good feeling there is amongst
the squad in pre-season, you
know, going into the new campaign,
but after that player
final defeat, obviously it's quite
a long time ago now, did you
have to sort of pick the
players up and indeed yourself up
after such a devastating defeat to go away?
I just wonder what you did
to sort of raise spirits
and obviously spend some time
in your homeland as well over the summer.
Yes, first of all I
picked myself up because this
is also quite important because I
need to lead the group.
It was not possible the first two
or three days because the
first two or three days you
have to work, you have to function.
So because if you dwell in the first two
or three days it's important
that you are there already
with good leadership and give
the right messages and even the first days
We started to finalise
the planning, because it was unsafe
when the pre-season would
start, because it's a starting
point for the championship campaign.
The targets we had in our head, perhaps
for a potential Premier League
return, are not realistic anymore.
So the first week was more or less work,
I have to say, in
order to prepare everything for
pre-season or at least the first
four or five days.
But then I also needed two
weeks without me thinking about football.
Sometimes a telephone call was
even there necessary.
For example, Joe Roden was
a topic we wanted to bring up
and it was clear for us.
So I needed to do a few telephone calls.
But overall I tried to stay
a bit away from football.
I didn't watch too much
of the tournament in Germany.
I was not tempted to go
to some games because I didn't
want to see much of football obviously then.
Yes, the bigger games when
England played and Germany played,
of course, but not too many
games if I'm really honest.
Yes, but then after two
weeks of recharging, you already feel
Well football is sometimes
heartbreaking but you also miss
a little bit and this is
more like this feeling increases
from from day to day and if I'm honest
after two weeks of relaxing
and trying to stay awake and
trying to stay away from football
we had two more
two more weeks without training
and obviously it was still quite more
or less relaxed because I could
do the work more or less
like weather was nice in the garden
and from the sofa at home it
was a lot like player watching
on the laptop telephone calls
with our key people with
potential new targets and
preparing also with my
coaching staff already the
pre-season finalized the last things
for the training camp so I
would say the second part of
the summer break was already working
but in a quite relaxed mode
and then yes first day back
here it's always the best feeling
then to smell the grass again
and to feel the grass again and
to work with the players on the pitch
and believe me once you're
then standing there with a new
group on the pitch you
don't feel the heartbreak anymore
so it's more like then it's
more like yeah excited everyone is
there with a smile on his face
He wants to play football, he
wants to have the ball, and right now,
since this moment, we're
working towards the opening day on Saturday,
and we want to make sure
that we prepare ourselves in
the best possible way to
play a successful season.
You've obviously talked about some
of the lads who have come
in, like Rothfeld, Jadon Fogel,
When this club plays in
the championship, we could sell
all our players and yes,
I could ask perhaps if Eddie Gray,
if he would wear a shirt one more time
for the opening day and you
know, I tell you what, the
bookies would have always as a favorite.
This is what we are all
about and I don't want to hide behind this fact.
This club is second to none
in its fan base.
This club is so, so big and with
so much tradition and everyone
wants this club also to succeed.
So when you have a look
at how many shirts we sell,
how much excitement we create
in the whole country and everywhere,
So it feels like each and
every of our games will be picked again
so that we always have a
high noon kick-off each and
every Saturday in order to be live on telly.
I predicted it will happen so
we will have strange kick-off
times again during the season
and I'm struggling to complain
because it's just like because this
club is so full of full
of excitement and everyone
who is connected with this
club, wants this club to succeed,
then we will always be the bookies' favorite.
And for that, yes, I don't
want to hide behind the fact, but I know
that we won't be able to
talk us to promotion or
just by shirt-selling we'll win
promotion or whatever.
For this club and this group of players,
it's even more difficult than
for any other club, for any
other group of players to promote.
For each and every of
our opponents, the most important
game of the season is always against us.
Capacity of supporters in the
away stadiums whatever when when
Stoke plays against with all
respect to Stoke and you
know against other teams they
are whatever 8,000 yeah when
Leeds United is coming the
stadium is full everyone excited
they are all on it it's
a cup final against them and
you always have to play it's
more like the most important
game for the opponent as Leeds
United so they are always
always they leave their hearts or
they run more they invest more they
They are there with cards,
and more like three days later,
when they are exhausted, they
play our opponent from promotion,
and they can't run anymore.
It's an easy win for them.
But I don't complain about this.
This is what this club is all about.
I want to work for such a club,
and it's great, and for that,
yeah, we have to deal with it.
Thank you very much.
Good.
Thank you.
Good luck.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.